Q: Who wrote the novel "1984"?
A: George Orwell
Q: In which book would you find the character Atticus Finch?
A: To Kill a Mockingbird
Q: Which book series features a young wizard named Harry Potter?
A: Harry Potter
Q: What is the name of the dystopian novel by Suzanne Collins that features the character Katniss Everdeen?
A: The Hunger Games
Q: Who wrote "Pride and Prejudice"?
A: Jane Austen
Q: What novel begins with the line "Call me Ishmael"?
A: Moby-Dick
Q: Who is the author of "The Great Gatsby"?
A: F. Scott Fitzgerald
Q: In which book does a teenage girl named Hazel Grace fall in love with Augustus Waters?
A: The Fault in Our Stars
Q: What fantasy series includes the books "The Fellowship of the Ring" and "The Two Towers"?
A: The Lord of the Rings
Q: Who wrote the novel "Beloved"?
A: Toni Morrison
Q: What is the title of the book in which a boy named Pi survives on a lifeboat with a tiger?
A: Life of Pi
Q: Which novel by Mary Shelley is considered one of the first science fiction novels?
A: Frankenstein
Q: Who is the author of the mystery novel "The Da Vinci Code"?
A: Dan Brown
Q: In which classic novel would you find the characters George and Lennie?
A: Of Mice and Men
Q: Who wrote the novel "Little Women"?
A: Louisa May Alcott
Q: What dystopian novel features a society divided into five factions and a girl named Tris?
A: Divergent
Q: What novel is set during the Russian Revolution and features characters named Napoleon and Snowball?
A: Animal Farm
Q: What classic novel features a boy who runs away down the Mississippi River with a runaway slave?
A: The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn
Q: Who wrote the book "The Catcher in the Rye"?
A: J.D. Salinger
Q: What 21st-century novel features the mysterious disappearance of a woman named Amy Dunne?
A: Gone Girl
Q: Which book follows the story of a teenager named Ponyboy in a world of Greasers and Socs?
A: The Outsiders
Q: Who wrote the novel "The Kite Runner"?
A: Khaled Hosseini
Q: What is the name of the book about a dystopian society where books are banned and burned?
A: Fahrenheit 451
Q: Which famous fantasy novel begins with a wardrobe that leads to a magical land?
A: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe
Q: What novel features the wealthy Jay Gatsby and his love for Daisy Buchanan?
A: The Great Gatsby
Q: Who wrote "A Tale of Two Cities"?
A: Charles Dickens
Q: What book by Emily Brontë features the tragic love story of Heathcliff and Catherine?
A: Wuthering Heights
Q: What classic novel features a young orphan named Pip?
A: Great Expectations
Q: Which novel features a character who ages in reverse?
A: The Curious Case of Benjamin Button
Q: What is the name of the novel where a plane crash leaves a group of boys stranded on an island?
A: Lord of the Flies
Q: What global bestseller is a memoir of a Pakistani girl who stood up for education?
A: I Am Malala
Q: Who wrote "Slaughterhouse-Five"?
A: Kurt Vonnegut
Q: What novel by Margaret Atwood imagines a totalitarian society that controls women's bodies?
A: The Handmaid's Tale
Q: Which novel centers on a lawyer defending a Black man falsely accused of rape in the 1930s South?
A: To Kill a Mockingbird
Q: Who wrote the book "Norwegian Wood"?
A: Haruki Murakami
Q: What novel by Gabriel García Márquez is a cornerstone of magical realism?
A: One Hundred Years of Solitude
Q: Which young adult book features teens battling in an arena for survival on live TV?
A: The Hunger Games
Q: What is the name of the book in which a boy is stranded in the Canadian wilderness with only a hatchet?
A: Hatchet
Q: Which Agatha Christie novel is set on a train and involves a mysterious murder?
A: Murder on the Orient Express
