Q: Which U.S. president graduated from Harvard and later served as the 35th president of the United States?
A: John F. Kennedy
Q: Which tech billionaire and Facebook co-founder famously dropped out of Harvard?
A: Mark Zuckerberg
Q: Which actress and activist graduated from Harvard with a degree in English literature in 2003 and won an Oscar for "Cold Mountain"?
A: Natalie Portman
Q: Which former president of the United States earned a J.D. from Harvard Law School and later served as the 44th president?
A: Barack Obama
Q: Which talk show host and media mogul attended Harvard as a visiting fellow at the Kennedy School in 2013?
A: Oprah Winfrey
Q: Which co-founder of Microsoft briefly attended Harvard before dropping out to start the company?
A: Bill Gates
Q: Which award-winning actor and star of “Good Will Hunting” attended Harvard but left before graduating?
A: Matt Damon
Q: Which bestselling author of "The Fault in Our Stars" and "Looking for Alaska" earned a degree in English from Harvard?
A: John Green
Q: Which U.S. Supreme Court Justice graduated from Harvard Law and later served as the first Hispanic justice?
A: Sonia Sotomayor
Q: Which Facebook COO earned both her undergrad and MBA from Harvard?
A: Sheryl Sandberg
Q: Which Nobel Peace Prize-winning economist and columnist for The New York Times earned his PhD from Harvard?
A: Paul Krugman
Q: Which astrophysicist and host of “Cosmos” earned a PhD from Harvard?
A: Neil deGrasse Tyson
Q: Which comedian, late-night host, and former "The Office" writer graduated from Harvard and was president of The Lampoon?
A: B.J. Novak
Q: Which "Hamilton" creator and Pulitzer Prize-winning composer earned his bachelor’s degree from Harvard in 2002?
A: Lin-Manuel Miranda
Q: Which former CEO of Goldman Sachs and U.S. Treasury Secretary has a Harvard MBA?
A: Hank Paulson
Q: Which CNN chief medical correspondent earned his M.D. from Harvard Medical School?
A: Sanjay Gupta
Q: Which Olympic gold medalist in figure skating graduated from Harvard in 2000?
A: Sarah Hughes
Q: Which first lady attended both Princeton and Harvard Law School?
A: Michelle Obama
Q: Which award-winning author of "Beloved" and "The Bluest Eye" received an honorary degree from Harvard?
A: Toni Morrison
Q: Which physicist and co-founder of string theory earned his PhD at Harvard and became a prominent science communicator?
A: Brian Greene
